Inside Out, Movie Review

	How do you make a movie good? Just take something inanimate, give it some feelings, some emotion and a dash of dealings with the unconscious, the spectrum of Freud, voila you are now watching one of pixars masterpieces. Push it bit further and give the emotion itself an emotion, think about how feelings would feel and you end up with an all time best, Inside out. 
	Inside out is an inventive, gorgeously animated and powerfully moving addition to pixar library of modern animated classics. Told primarily from the perspective of 'feelings' inside an eleven year olds's head, the plot has many delicate moments of tension where your heart would drop. Be it falling bridges or endless pits your are sure to let out a gasp and feel for the feelings. Parents are likely to get hit the hardest, I would suggest you bring some tissues. Like Toy Story its a story about leaving your childhood behind. Inside out manages the delicate feat of being worldly wise without sacrificing your sense of innocence. Riley may be on the cusp of adolescence but the button of Puberty is never pressed. 
	What hasn't changed in all the family movies is the notion that 'there is no place like home'. This notion is played with differently i different movies. For Riley and her emotions it is togetherness, if you with your mum and dad then you can keep world at a bay. 
	 Although most of the content is appropriate for elementary schoolers and up, younger kids may need a bit more explanation about what's going on, since there are references to abstract thought and the subconscious, and it can be a little confusing when other characters' emotions are shown.
	Overall the level of invention is so high, and the density of detail is so great, that it’s impossible to absorb everything in a single viewing. Kids and their parents, psychologists and philosophers alike, are all bound to be awed by Pixar’s latest and boldest feature yet. It is the universality of the film that makes it an instant classic.
